Recommend Run Query over Statement Blocks (#3041)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/statement-blocks.md

id: "statement-blocks"
---

:::tip Recommendation

> The [run_query](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/run_query) macro provides a more convenient way to run queries and fetch their results. It is a wrapper around statement blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the `[run_query](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/run_query)` macro instead of `statement` blocks. The `run_query` macro provides a more convenient way to run queries and fetch their results by wrapping `statement` blocks. You can use this macro to write more concise code that is easier to maintain.
```
